Add documentation for jwt_clock_skew_tolerance_seconds setting that resolves authentication errors (#3251)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/configuration/configuration.md

- `basic`: HTTP basic authentication. No additional configuration is needed.

> - `kerberos`: Kerberos authentication. Additional, [Kerberos-specific configuration](#kerberos) is needed.

Reviewer: Do you mean "Additionally,"?

Author: Apparently the original writer was on a deadline. removed comma.

> - `jwt`: JSON Web Token authentication. Additional, [JWT-specific configuration](#json-web-token) is needed.

Reviewer: Additionally?

1. The user sends the access token alongside every request to the service that it wants to use.
1. The service verifies the token and grants or denies access.

> A JSON Web Token is self-contained in the sense that it carries all necessary information to verify a user within itself. The tokens are base64-encoded, signed JSON objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A JWT is self-contained in the sense that it carries within itself all the information necessary to verify a user. The tokens are base64-encoded, signed JSON objects.
```

#### Payload

The payload of a JSON Web Token contains the so-called [JWT Claims](https://self-issued.info/docs/draft-ietf-oauth-json-web-token.html#RegisteredClaimName). A claim can be any piece of information about the user that the application that created the token has verified.

> The specification defines a set of standard claims with reserved names ("registered claims"). These include, for example, the token issuer, the expiration date, or the creation date.

Reviewer: When you say 'these include...' do you need to say, 'for example'? Could you just say, 'The standard claims include the token issuer, the expiration date...' or are they examples of reserved names?

Author: I didn't pen these beauties. But they do need fixing. Thanks.

Author: These are just examples of the many registered claims that exist. I have rewritten in the hopes of achieving greater clarity.

#### Payload

> The payload of a JSON Web Token contains the so-called [JWT Claims](https://auth0.com/docs/secure/tokens/json-web-tokens/json-web-token-claims). A claim can be any piece of information about the user that the application that created the token has verified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The payload of a JWT contains the so-called [JWT claims](https://auth0.com/docs/secure/tokens/json-web-tokens/json-web-token-claims). A claim can be any piece of information about the user that the application that created the token has verified.
```

> The payload of a JSON Web Token contains the so-called [JWT Claims](https://auth0.com/docs/secure/tokens/json-web-tokens/json-web-token-claims). A claim can be any piece of information about the user that the application that created the token has verified.

Reviewer 2: "so-called" has a negative connotation. Is it necessary here?

#### Signature

> The issuer of the token calculates the signature of the token by applying a cryptographic hash function on the base64-encoded header and payload. These three parts are then concatenated using periods to form a complete JSON Web Token:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The issuer of the token calculates the signature of the token by applying a cryptographic hash function on the base64-encoded header and payload. These three parts are then concatenated using periods to form a complete JWT:
```

```

> ## Configure JSON Web Tokens

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Configure JWTs
```

> If you use JSON Web Token as your only authentication method, disable the user cache by setting `plugins.security.cache.ttl_minutes: 0`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use JWT as your only authentication method, disable the user cache by setting `plugins.security.cache.ttl_minutes: 0`.
```

> If you use JSON Web Token as your only authentication method, disable the user cache by setting `plugins.security.cache.ttl_minutes: 0`.

Reviewer 2: Either "a JWT" or "JWTs".

`jwt_url_parameter` | If the token is not transmitted in the HTTP header, but as an URL parameter, define the name of this parameter here.
`subject_key` | The key in the JSON payload that stores the user name. If not set, the [subject](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.2) registered claim is used.
`roles_key` | The key in the JSON payload that stores the user's roles. The value of this key must be a comma-separated list of roles.

> `jwt_clock_skew_tolerance_seconds` |  Sets a window of time in seconds to prevent authentication failures due to a misalignment between clock times for the JWT authentication server and OpenSearch node. Security sets 30 seconds as the default. Use this setting to apply a custom value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`jwt_clock_skew_tolerance_seconds` |  Sets a window of time, in seconds, to prevent authentication failures due to a misalignment between clock times for the JWT authentication server and OpenSearch node. Security sets 30 seconds as the default. Use this setting to apply a custom value.
```

> `jwt_clock_skew_tolerance_seconds` |  Sets a window of time in seconds to prevent authentication failures due to a misalignment between clock times for the JWT authentication server and OpenSearch node. Security sets 30 seconds as the default. Use this setting to apply a custom value.

Reviewer 2: "between JWT authentication server and OpenSearch node clock times"?

> Because JSON Web Tokens are self-contained and the user is authenticated on the HTTP level, no additional `authentication_backend` is needed. Set this value to `noop`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because JWTs are self-contained and the user is authenticated on the HTTP level, no additional `authentication_backend` is needed. Set this value to `noop`.
```

> Because JSON Web Tokens are self-contained and the user is authenticated on the HTTP level, no additional `authentication_backend` is needed. Set this value to `noop`.

Reviewer 2: "at" the HTTP level?

### Bearer authentication for HTTP requests

> The most common way of transmitting a JSON Web Token in an HTTP request is to add it as an HTTP header with the bearer authentication schema:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The most common way of transmitting a JWT in an HTTP request is to add it as an HTTP header with the bearer authentication schema:
```

```
Authorization: Bearer <JWT>
```

The default name of the header is `Authorization`. If required by your authentication server or proxy, you can also use a different HTTP header name using the `jwt_header` configuration key.

> As with HTTP basic authentication, you should use HTTPS instead of HTTP when transmitting JSON Web Tokens in HTTP requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As with HTTP basic authentication, you should use HTTPS instead of HTTP when transmitting JWTs in HTTP requests.
```

### Supported formats and algorithms

> The security plugin supports digitally signed, compact JSON Web Tokens with all standard algorithms:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Security plugin supports digitally signed, compact JWTs with all standard algorithms:
```
